feat(content): Mining Update - Assets + Balance (#9621)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/ships.txt

ship "Mining Drone"
	sprite "ship/mining drone"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/mining drone"
	attributes
		category "Drone"

> 		"cost" 83000

Reviewer: Same exact base cost as a combat drone? And with more expensive outfits, that makes the mining drone more expensive to buy than the combat drone.
```suggestion
		"cost" 58000
```

ship "Sunder"
	sprite "ship/sunder"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/sunder"
	attributes
		category "Utility"
		"cost" 1000000
		"shields" 1200
		"hull" 1600
		"required crew" 3
		"bunks" 5
		"mass" 160
		"drag" 3.8
		"heat dissipation" .7
		"fuel capacity" 600
		"cargo space" 80
		"outfit space" 230
		"weapon capacity" 50
		"engine capacity" 90
		weapon
			"blast radius" 28
			"shield damage" 280
			"hull damage" 140
			"hit force" 420
	outfits
		"Mining Laser" 2
		"Tractor Beam"

		"Asteroid Scanner"
		"nGVF-CC Fuel Cell"
		"LP036a Battery Pack"
		"D23-QP Shield Generator"

		"X3700 Ion Thruster"
		"X3200 Ion Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"

	engine -11.5 54
	engine 11.5 54
	gun -9.5 -53
	gun 9.5 -53
	turret 0 28.5
	bay "Drone" 0 -14
		"under"
		"launch effect" "human external"
	bay "Drone" 0 38
		"under"
		"angle" 180
		"launch effect" "human external"
	leak "leak" 60 50
	leak "flame" 50 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 15
	explode "medium explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description "A further development on the old asteroid mining ships used in the Sol Main Belt centuries ago, the Sunder is a versatile mining platform equipped with dedicated prospecting equipment, most notably an undercarriage that supports two Minng Drones."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "A further development on the old asteroid mining ships used in the Sol Main Belt centuries ago, the Sunder is a versatile mining platform equipped with dedicated prospecting equipment, most notably an undercarriage that supports two Mining Drones."
```

> 	description "A further development on the old asteroid mining ships used in the Sol Main Belt centuries ago, the Sunder is a versatile mining platform equipped with dedicated prospecting equipment, most notably an undercarriage that supports two Mining Drones."
> 	description "	The newest model of the Sunder is now manufactured by Syndicated Shipyards, a consequence of the Syndicate's efforts to further exploit the Core's mineral wealth."

Reviewer: This first sentence feels like it's continuing on from something. I'd flip it around a bit.
```suggestion
	description "The Sunder is a versatile mining platform equipped with dedicated prospecting equipment, most notably an undercarriage that supports two Mining Drones. The lineage of this ship can be traced back to the old asteroid mining ships used in the Sol Main Belt centuries ago. The newest model of the Sunder is now manufactured by Syndicated Shipyards, a consequence of the Syndicate's efforts to further exploit the Core's mineral wealth."
```

Reviewer 3: Countersuggestion. (Did this on my phone so there may be mistakes; perhaps the last two sentences could be flipped again while retaining the semicolon.)

The rationale for this is that I think the sentence structure of the suggested changes makes the description feel repetitive.
```suggestion
	description "The Sunder is a versatile mining platform equipped with dedicated prospecting equipment, most notably an undercarriage that supports two Mining Drones. Because of recent Syndicate efforts to further exploit the Core's mineral wealth, the newest model of the Sunder is now manufactured by Syndicated Shipyards; however, the lineage of this ship can be traced back to the old asteroid mining ships used in the Sol Main Belt centuries ago."
```
```suggestion
	description "The Sunder is a versatile mining platform equipped with dedicated prospecting equipment, most notably an undercarriage that supports two Mining Drones. The lineage of this ship can be traced back to the old asteroid mining ships used in the Sol Main Belt centuries ago; however, because of recent Syndicate efforts to further exploit the Core's mineral wealth, the newest model of the Sunder is now manufactured by Syndicated Shipyards."
```
